OSDOCS-2396: Add hardware_enablement category and SRO documentation (#36674)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/psap-special-resource-operator-using-manifests.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hardware_enablement/psap-special-resource-operator.adoc

> [id="deploy-simple-kmod-using-local-chart_{context}"]
> = Building and running the simple-kmod SpecialResource by using the local manifest for the SRO image
> 
> The SRO image contains a local repository of Helm charts including the templates for deploying the simple-kmod kernel module. This example shows how to use the `SpecialResource` manifest to deploy the simple-kmod module.

Reviewer: I think the meaning slightly changed in these edits, how about these changes:

```suggestion
[id="deploy-simple-kmod-using-local-chart_{context}"]
= Building and running the simple-kmod SpecialResource by using the templates from the SRO image

The SRO image contains a local repository of Helm charts including the templates for deploying the simple-kmod kernel module. In this example, the simple-kmod kernel module is used to show how SRO can manage a driver container which is defined in the internal SRO repository.
```

Author: fixed

----

. Create the `SpecialResource`:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f simple-kmod-local.yaml
----
+
The `simple-kmod` resources are deployed in the `simple-kmod` namespace as specified in the object manifest. After a short time, the build pod for the `simple-kmod` driver container starts running. The build completes after a few minutes, and then the driver container pods start running.

+
. Use the `oc get pods` command to display the status of the pods:

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n simple-kmod
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                                  READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
simple-kmod-driver-build-12813789169ac0ee-1-build     0/1     Completed   0          7m12s
simple-kmod-driver-container-12813789169ac0ee-mjsnh   1/1     Running     0          8m2s
simple-kmod-driver-container-12813789169ac0ee-qtkff   1/1     Running     0          8m2s
----

. To display the logs of the simple-kmod driver container image build, use the `oc logs` command, along with the build pod name obtained above:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc logs pod/simple-kmod-driver-build-12813789169ac0ee-1-build -n simple-kmod
----

> . To verify that the simple-kmod kernel modules are loaded, execute the `lsmod` command in one of the driver container pods that was returned from the `oc get pods` command above. 

Reviewer 2: Colon at the end for consistency
